---
title: Troubleshooting
sidebar_position: 5
slug: /005
---
# Troubleshooting

## Not Working
- Please double-check that the FlatsPlus prefab is placed directly under your avatar.

## Build Takes a Long Time
- Sorry for the inconvenience, but this is a technical limitation. Depending on your environment, it may take 1-5 minutes.

## Error Occurred
- FlatsPlus is designed so that you can usually upload even if an error occurs. First, please check if your avatar is okay.
- If you want to clear the error immediately, remove the "FlatsPlus" prefab from your avatar. This should remove almost all effects of FlatsPlus!
  - If you still have problems, try uninstalling.
- Once things have calmed down, try turning everything "OFF" and then enabling only the features you need. This may solve the problem.
  - If problems persist, please contact support.

## Can't Move
- Sleep and PoseClipper include gimmicks that can make your avatar unable to move.
  - If you know the cause, turn off that feature.
- If you don't know, try "Avatar Reset." This should solve the problem.

## Facial Expressions Don't Move During Dance
- In Unity settings, make sure "Dance Support" and "WDON" are enabled.
- In some worlds, you may need to set detection mode to "Powerful," so please try it.
- If the problem still continues, try turning "FX Enabled" off from the ExpressionMenu. This solves expression issues for almost all avatars, but note that it may cause costume sync problems.

## Other Problems
- Please contact support.

